[KEIICHI]
They shot us down?
[KIMIYOSHI]
Completely.
That's direct from my source
in the local government.
[SHION]
How foolish.
They should know better than
to pick a fight with Hinamizawa.
[RIKA]
Those poor, poor bureaucrats!
[KEIICHI] This just means
we'll have to push harder!
No way we can back down
when we've come this far!
After this we're
gonna head straight
to the Child Welfare office.
I'll rally some members
of the village council.
We can take this up with Oryo
and try to figure out
our next move.
That'll be an important meeting.
Oryo's response
will decide our turnout.
Yeah.
We'll know how seriously
she's taking this
by the size of the crowd.
According to Mother, the hag
is preparing for an all‐out war.
I'd count on at least 30 more.
It'll feel better having
the adults there with us!
Well, Child Welfare, get ready!
[RENA]
Oh wow.
Is this whole crowd
from Hinamizawa?
[MION]
Definitely not everyone.
I recognize some of these
people from around Okinomiya!
[RIKA]
You were right.
It looks like
Oryo is going all in.
I did miss this feeling.
Kind of like we're fighting
the second dam war.
[IRIE]
Look at the size of this crowd!
[CHIE] All of Onigafuchi
assembled here in force.
It's incredible what
you've accomplished!
I agree.
This is truly impressive work.
So you got this many
people to come out here?
Dang, Keiichi, you're some
kinda village big shot.
Well, it's not just me.
[KIMIYOSHI]
Keiichi!
Quite the crowd
you gathered here, son.
[KEIICHI]
Mister Mayor.
How many people did the
council call in to join us?
[KIMIYOSHI]
Oh, we didn't get a count.
We all just asked everyone
we knew to show up here,
and this is what we got.
Folks! Listen up!
This action is on behalf of
the Hinamizawa village council.
No Onigafuchi
Defensive Alliance signs!
Keiichi.
This is the final confrontation.
Sure is. It ends here.
And now,
we'll strike the last blow.
This is an issue.
The crowd out there is enormous.
What should we do?
I'm going to have
to leave that to you,
I've got business to take
care of outside the city.
Respectfully,
it might not be wise
to exit the building
right now, sir.
You say that like
we're under siege.
[HARAYAMA]
During the dam war,
the villagers'
demonstrations gave way
to violence on
more than one occasion.
Well, I suppose my business
isn't urgent enough
to warrant the risk.
[KIMIYOSHI]
Uh, test!
Hello, we're here on behalf
of the Hinamizawa
Village Council!
If they wanted to, they could
barge in any minute, sir.
You cannot let them in here!
[KEIICHI]
There's still more.
This is amazing.
[KIMIYOSHI]
Okay. Let's do this.
[IRIE]
Is that...?
Well, Mister Maebara!
How are you doing this morning?
[KEIICHI]
Ooishi?
What are you doing here?
Well, there's something we
urgently need to discuss.
I'd like you in the conversation
as well, Mayor Kimiyoshi.
[KEIICHI]
What are you trying to say?
[OOISHI]
I'll make this simple.
It's illegal to
disrupt the activities
of a government agency such
as Child Welfare Services.
So the city's just gonna shut
out the voices of the people?
We're not disrupting anything;
we're asking them to do
their jobs and help Satoko!
[OOISHI] With an unlawful
assembly outside their door.
And you don't get to
decide what's disruptive.
That falls to the
highest‐ranking official
working in the office.
He can ban you from
the premises if he believes
that's what's needed
for them to do their jobs.
Maybe so,
but we can still take our
protest across the street!
To do that, you'll need
a street protesting permit
from the prefectural government.
And there's no way
that's happening today,
so you kids will
need to pack it in.
[KEIICHI]
Like hell!
All these people
showed up for Satoko.
We can't walk away now!
Look, Maebara,
you're drawing the wrong
kind of attention from
some folks around here.
I warned ya, it's a real
dangerous place to make enemies.
Detective, I can't stop you
or anyone else
from forming opinions about me
But if you have
any heart at all,
then please, look the other way
and let us help our friend!
[OOISHI]
Easy!
If those fists start swinging,
you're gonna get
tossed in a cell
on a police obstruction charge.
‐‐[KEIICHI] Dammit!
‐‐[MION] Kei!
Don't give him what he wants!
[SHION]
Detective Ooishi.
That attitude of yours could
prove bad for your health.
Goodness, you're scaring me!
It almost sounded like you were
threatening a police officer,
but I'm sure you know
better than that, don't you?
[chuckles]
[MION]
The law's on their side.
There's no way around it.
We either pipe down
and play along,
or we throw down with the cops.
[OOISHI laughs]
The dam war is over, folks.
Let's stop playing pretend
and let the grown‐ups
do their work.
[KUMAGAI]
Ooishi!
The chief's on the radio,
and he's calling for you!
Ah, thanks for the heads up.
Seems like my boss wants
to get hold of me, everyone.
So...
I'd appreciate it if you could
get this crowd to disperse.
[KEIICHI]
That bastard!
Now what?
Can we leave and come back?
Won't matter.
The guy who's running the center
doesn't feel like
dealing with us.
I think we pissed 'em off enough
to get shut out completely.
So they're gonna
drag this thing out.
Are we just gonna have to wait
until they've cooled off
to go after them again?
[RENA]
But we can't quit now.
Satoko won't make it
if we wait that long!
I don't really know
how I know that,
but I'm sure of it!
I understand what
you're saying, but still.
[RIKA]
I want you all to believe this.
Everyone's doing everything
they can for Satoko right now.
It's true, isn't it?
What do you mean?
[RIKA] It's something you
said to me before, Mion.
Huh?
It's the truth.
Everybody's been doing
everything in their power
to help Satoko.
Then wait.
Until the wind
blows in our favor!
You know lying
to the chief like that
could come back
to bite you, right?
You haven't made
any kind of progress
talking with their leaders.
[laughs]
I don't think I said a single
thing that I would call a lie.
There's a real chance
this whole thing turns violent.
We have every right
to disperse them by force,
so why wouldn't we?
Come on.
Don't be like that, Kuma.
‐‐Huh?
‐‐They got all these people here
for the sake of one
little girl in a tough spot.
It's quite the
accomplishment, isn't it?
And if the village council
showed up,
that means Oryo Sonozaki
herself has their backs.
I can't help
but respect the kids' drive.
So that's it.
I knew you were
going easy on 'em.
It's not like you
to talk things out.
You'd normally start twisting
that boy's arm at the
first excuse he gave you.
If Mister Maebara wants
to play the hero for today,
I suppose I don't
mind letting him.
Hey, care for a smoke?
[OOISHI] That boy charges
headlong through everything
in front of him.
He doesn't doubt for a
second that he's in the right.
Say again?
[OOISHI chuckles]
I think it's time
we play pretend,
and let the kid
handle the real work.
The kid?
Here they come.
[OOISHI]
Our VIPs.
[clears throat]
Let's go, Kuma.
We need to talk to
Keiichi right this instant.
You here, boy?
[KEIICHI]
That's me, sir.
How can I help you?
[SABURO]
Other way around, son.
Fact is, we came
here to help you.
[MION]
Uncle, is that you?
What are you doing here?
It's true,
but I can't believe it.
Gotta stand tall, Keiichi.
You're our general, and
it's time to rally the troops.
Ready?
But the police...
Hey, gentlemen,
a moment, please?
[SABURO]
Whose pig are you?
Last I heard, you worked
for these people,
and you got no
right shuttin' 'em up!
Hello there,
Assemblyman Sonozaki.
[KEIICHI]
Assemblyman?
[SABURO]
Save it!
Now gimme the name
of whatever idiot
is ordering you to disperse us!
[OOISHI laughs] That'd be the
chief of police, Assemblyman.
[SABURO]
Then the Okinomiya police
are gonna be hearing
from my office.
Pass that on to your boss!
Yes, I'm happy
to inform the chief,
but my duty is to the law,
and it's not on your side here.
[KEN]
Detective.
Ken Sonozaki, attorney.
Child Welfare's
claim that this protest
is impeding their work
goes beyond frivolous.
It could more appropriately
be called corrupt.
If you need details‐‐
[OOISHI]
Oh, there's no need,
I'm sure it's all well
above my paygrade.
Please go ahead, gentlemen.
Well, that took long enough.
Man alive.
That means you're up, Maebara.
There's nothing else
standing in your way now.
Okay!
C'mon, guys!
[ALL 4]
Mm.
If they're here, it must
mean Oryo called them in.
We went to Grandma
for her blessing,
but I didn't think she was
gonna bring out the big guns.
She lent us the full power
of the Sonozaki clan.
Amazing.
Did the demoness grow a heart?
Well, it's no surprise
to me at all.
I knew from the start
that your grandma
was gonna help us
however she could!
[KEIICHI]
I see.
I know I said all
that stuff to her before.
But right now I could kiss her
right on that
foul mouth of hers!
[RENA]
Okay, guys!
We're moving in!
Maebara!
We're with you!
We just know you guys
are gonna save Hojo!
Maebara!
We'll be out here waiting
for the good news!
I'm looking forward
to seeing you all win this!
We're rooting for you!
Hang on, Satoko.
We're coming!
[CHIEF] Why are they
letting them in the building?
What the hell
happened to the cops?
[HARAYAMA]
Well, sir.
Assemblyman Sonozaki is here.
Hey, hold on.
The office is about
to close soon anyway.
I can ride this out in here.
Wait, sir.
Meeting with them
may be our best move.
[CHIEF]
I'm not doing that!
I refuse to allow an angry mob
to dictate my work
as a civil servant!
[phone rings]
Whoever it is, I'm not here!
[HARAYAMA]
Harayama speaking.
What?
[HARAYAMA]
Just a moment, please.
It seems city hall is
on the line for you, sir.
[CHIEF]
What? Who?
[HARAYAMA]
The mayor himself.
[gasps]
[MAYOR] Yes, I'm gonna ask you
to go ahead and hear them out.
Matters such as this
one sometimes require
a more individually
tailored approach, right?
[laughs]
Thanks for taking care of it.
Before I let you go,
I will be expecting a report
on the day's events
delivered to my office by
close of business day today.
Meaning six pm, yes.
Great, have a good day.
[ORYO] Much obliged
to you, Mister Mayor.
[MAYOR]
Hardly, ma'am.
If the matter struck
you as urgent enough
to see me about it in person,
I would be a fool to ignore it.
Don't make so
much of it, really.
Anyone askin' a favor of anyone
oughta ask it
themselves, is all.
Thanks for hearin' me.
[MAYOR]
No thanks needed, ma'am,
this is amends for how my
subordinates treated you.
They answer to me,
and it took this long
to set 'em straight.
Your village is raising
some impressive kids.
I'm truly amazed at the
amount of time and effort
they've been willing
to put in to help a friend.
[ORYO]
Boy, you ain't wrong about that!
Helps me sleep
better at night knowin'
there'll still be someone
fightin' for Hinamizawa
if I don't wake up.
Do you mind not talking
casually about death, Mother?
[ORYO laughs]
Those kids are
the salt of the earth!
You better promise me
that you'll always look out
for that Keiichi boy.
You were so quick
to warm up to that child,
but I do hope that isn't
because you're still wishing
I'd given you
a grandson to spoil.
My sincerest apologies
for the trouble!
You're going to do something
to help Satoko, aren't you?
[CHIEF]
Right away!
Assistant Manager!
Please head straight
to the Hojo residence!
[HARAYAMA]
Wha...? You're sending me, sir?
But wouldn't her
case worker be better?
There's no time.
Satoko is in danger!
[HARAYAMA]
Understood! I'm on my way!
[gasps]
[OOISHI chuckles]
A moment, Mister Maebara.
Are you still gonna try
and get in our way now?
[OOISHI]
Not at all.
Mister Harayama?
If you're headed
for the Hojo residence,
I would be happy
to give you a ride.
Are you sure?
[RENA]
If the police are with them,
Satoko's uncle
will have no choice
but to let
Child Welfare come in.
Right, but why now?
You were against us a little
while ago, so what changed?
[laughs]
The folks here at Child Welfare
never got a full view of how
bad things are in that house.
This way they get to see
it up close and in person.
Thanks for doing this
for us, Detective.
[OOISHI] This way please,
Mister Harayama.
[OOISHI]
Oh, right!
Since that's dealt with,
could the crowd
kindly disperse now?
Well, you folks
have a good year!
[KEIICHI]
It's finally over.
We won, didn't we?
[RIKA]
You did it, Keiichi.
You threw a die
with a one on every side
and somehow you rolled a six.
A dice roll?
[RIKA] What you accomplished
shouldn't be possible,
but that didn't keep you
from pulling it off.
Sorry, but honestly
a lot of the stuff you say
goes right over my head, Rika.
It means,
you finally won, Keiichi.
[phone rings]
[KEIICHI]
Hello?
[SATOKO]
Keiichi?
[KEIICHI]
Are you okay?
Someone from
Child Welfare should have
come with Detective Ooishi‐‐
[SATOKO]
I'm fine; take a deep breath.
Yes, they did come by.
And what happened then?
[SATOKO] I always
thought that being strong
meant keeping quiet and
bearing the pain by myself.
I thought that
was the lesson nii‐nii
was trying to leave me
with before he went away.
[KEIICHI]
Satoko.
[SATOKO] But then I saw what you
and the others had done for me,
and that was when
I realized something.
I understand what
nii‐nii wanted from me now,
and I know what it is
he left for me.
My uncle's hands
dug into my shoulders
when the doorbell rang.
I was just standing there,
shaking in fear.
I was so scared
I could barely breathe.
But I gathered all
my courage and yelled,
"Please help me!"
Then you had
a tough fight today.
[SATOKO chortles]
I can handle myself when
the situation calls for it!
You can.
I always knew that.
So did he go along peacefully?
[SATOKO] No, he flew into
a rage and tried to hurt me,
but Mister Ooishi
was able to restrain him,
and the police brought
him to the station.
You don't need to
worry about me anymore.
I'm sure that none
of us will be hearing
from my uncle for a long while.
Really?
I think I owe Ooishi an apology.
Turns out he's not
the jerk I thought he was.
So, that's it.
The fight is really over,
and we won.
[SATOKO]
Exactly right.
Which means tomorrow
we can put our full energy
into enjoying the festival.
[KEIICHI laughs]
Yeah, sounds like a plan!
We fought like hell,
and now it's time for our club
to take the festival by storm,
and live happily ever after!
[SATOKO] I trust I can expect
you to accompany me
to Rika's ceremonial dance
tomorrow evening, correct?
I so look forward to it!
[doorbell rings]
I came here to escort you.
Ni‐pah!
[SATOKO] Please excuse
the delay, everyone!
[RENA]
Satoko!
Coach said you were scheduled
for a check‐up at the clinic,
but he told me
you skipped out on it.
Are you okay?
Yeah, right now I'm
the best I've ever been!
I get it!
It's 'cause you were
too scared to spend
a whole night in the clinic
by yourself, isn't it?
Satoko has had a
hard time falling asleep
in a bed without me for
as long as I've known her.
Ohh! I need to hear details!
Details!
Hear the details, huh?
[SATOKO]
Hold it right there!
I'm not exactly sure
what you take me for,
but I don't like your tone!
[laughter]
[RENA] Honestly, I was
beginning to wonder
if we would ever get the chance
to all laugh together
like this again.
So was I, but we
all pulled through.
As a team.
[RENA]
Mm.
[MION]
Now!
Since Kei and Shion
are here with us,
time for the Watanagashi Six
Demon Battle Royale!
You're sure you're
ready for that?
You shouldn't underestimate me.
No idea what we're doing,
but I'm doing it!
[MION]
The rules are simple.
Whoever has the best time
tonight is the winner!
Sound good, everyone?
[RIKA]
Yeah!
Hey, Satoko!
We were all worried.
You okay, kid?
[VILLAGER C] If you're ever in
trouble, just give us a shout!
[VILLAGER B]
And you too, Maebara!
Ya done good!
Huh? Satoko?
The dance is just starting.
[KEIICHI]
So why'd we come up here?
[SATOKO]
Rika told me everything.
She told me how
hard you've been working
to try and help me
get away from my uncle.
[KEIICHI]
Well, of course I did.
That's what friends do, right?
[SATOKO] And I'm so grateful
for all you've done for me.
Which is why
I feel a little guilty
asking for one more thing.
You can say no.
But could I please call
you "nii‐nii" from now on?
Huh? But that's...
[SATOKO]
Do you not like "nii‐nii"?
[KEIICHI] No. I don't
mind but, I thought‐‐
Okay, then that
settles it! Nii‐nii!
[SATOKO]
My nii‐nii.
Yeah. I'm right here.
And I also have something
I'd really like to give you.
It's something that was
very important to my nii‐nii
when he was still with me.
But starting today you're
going to be my nii‐nii,
and I think it's only right
that you should have it,
okay, Keiichi?
[KEIICHI]
If you really think so.
[SATOKO] I'd be so
embarrassed if this got out.
Can we leave
before we're missed?
[SATOKO] Just try to
make yourself at home.
We're family now, which means
it's your house, too, nii‐nii!
[SATOKO] I'll be right back,
so you can wait for me here.
[KEIICHI]
Okay.
Let's see.
Where's the light?
[KEIICHI screams in agony]
[gasps]
[TEPPEI]
You think you can fuck with me?
Uncle Teppei!
[TEPPEI] You think I got time
to deal with some little shit
screwin' around
in my life, do ya?
Well, I'm about done
bein' fucked with!
Die!
[KEIICHI screams]
[shrieks]
[KEIICHI pants]
[SATOKO whimpers]
[knocking on door]
[door opens]
[KUMAGAI]
Do you remember me?
We've met.
[KEIICHI] You were the guy
who was with Ooishi that day.
It's Kumagai.
I'd like you to tell me
what happened
on the night of the
Watanagashi festival.
Let me think.
Satoko and I walked
to her house,
and then we went inside.
[grunts]
It's like my head's splitting.
I'll get the doctor!
I'll be okay.
I just can't think,
and I keep trying,
but the memory
keeps slipping away.
Oh, I see.
[KEIICHI]
Sir.
Where's the detective?
Huh?
I was hoping I could thank him.
[KUMAGAI] Please call me
if anything comes back to you.
[KEIICHI]
Huh?
[RENA]
Hi Keiichi.
Felt like coming outside?
It's not fair to keep secrets
from me like this, Rena.
What the hell even happened
on the night of the festival?
I haven't heard from
Mion or Shion or Rika.
Even Satoko hasn't come
to visit me in the hospital
since it happened.
It may sound strange,
but I'm glad you were
at Satoko's house,
instead of at
the festival with us.
What?
When you were gone,
after the cotton drifting,
Ooishi was at the shrine.
And he just started
raging at the crowd,
and then he pulled his gun.
[shudders]
And Mion, and Shion,
and Rika and Satoko.
The detective was
killing everyone!
They're dead?
[RENA]
I don't understand any of this.
We'd won.
It was all supposed to be okay!
Why did my friends have to die?
Why did I have to watch?
Why? None of it makes any sense!
[RIKA] Next time:
Nekodamashi‐hen, Part One.